Hello, my name is Abdelrahman Ahmed , iam at my third year in computer science
software engineering , and i should make this video.
To be in my webpage ok
So honestly there wasn't that much of instructions to what we are going to say and do in the video so iam just going to introduce my self
My name is Abdelrahman Ahmed Iam from a city called qena
I have lived my entire life there , but at university i came here to cairo
i live here in cairo i come and go
Honetly the course i have been benefiting from it
One the most courses i benefit from becasue the practical is much kind of
In spite of lot of my collagues find the course easy
easier for them becasue the took web before and they understand it more
but my direction with into networks and stuff so
Most of the information is new so , alhamdulillah until now
every information iam getting in the course is benefiting me alhamdulillah , and thanks for listening